Early Christmas morning, Elliot / Mr. Robot burns the crashed van that had previously surveilled him. Darlene , driving around looking for Elliot, notices the smoke coming from the burning van and investigates. As Darlene passes by, Elliot finds her and gets into her car. She assures him that "it's fine," saying "we don't have to talk." She drives through a red light, equipped with a traffic enforcement camera.
Krista descends the stairs of her home and receives texts from her boyfriend, Jason . He and Krista discuss and joke about meeting her family tonight. After a pause, Krista instead suggests that they spend Christmas alone together.
In his apartment, Elliot prepares to print a false Virtual Realty ID badge for Darlene under the name "Dolores Haze." He struggles to walk to the sink, due to the privations of the previous night, and when he washes his hands it appears he is suffering from frosting. He sits in the corner and begins to cry. As Darlene enters the room, he quickly regains his composure. The ID finishes printing.
Dominique receives a text from Janice . Dominique responds that she can't talk. Janice tells her that one of the Dark Army 's vans was discovered burnt with a body inside, and she needs Dominique to intercept the ensuing investigation. Powerless, Dominique grabs a container of Christmas cookies and proceeds to her vehicle.
Phillip sits alone in an empty restaurant, save for a family. Elliot texts him that Tyrell isn't coming, upsetting Phillip. His waiter then delivers his bill folder, wherein instructions are written for him: outside the E-Corp building, he is to give the trombone player $20.
Darlene and Elliot sit in their vehicle, parked outside Virtual Realty. Disguised as an employee, Darlene exits the vehicle and waits a bit, seeing two guards at the front desk. At 11 AM, one of them ( Dolph Lawler ) leaves, leaving only one watching Die Hard . Darlene nods to Elliot, waiting in the car. He gets out and smokes against the wall of the building, surveying Darlene. Darlene, unable to use her ID badge to get past the lobby gates, asks the guard for assistance. As she distracts the guard, Elliot quietly enters and quickly jumps over the gate. After proceeding to the basement, he hacks the door to the building's surveillance room. He then registers Darlene's alias, "Dolores Haze," as a new employee. The guard, confirming her identity as an employee, manually opens the gate for her. After she passes, the guard whistles to her, holding the phone she intentionally left behind. While Darlene is in the elevator, Elliot shuts down the building's cameras with a firmware upgrade lasting 40 minutes. With the cameras down, Darlene lifts the guard's fingerprint from her phone and picks Elliot up. Proceeding to the seventh floor, they begin to create a 3D printed mold of the guard's fingerprint. Dolph Lawler, investigating the inoperable cameras, heads to the surveillance room. He sees the firmware upgrade in progress on the computer and is unable to cancel it.
Phillip is seen outside the E Corp building, looking at the logo sculpture when his attention is drawn to the trombone player. He follows his instructions and retrieves a dry cleaner's receipt from the trombone player's hat.
Elliot finishes the creation of the 3D printed mold. Upstate at the crime scene Dominique was asked to intercept, the police take the burned body into the coroner's van. Dominique walks past an officer Deakins with a loud ring tone and leaves in her car. She is annoyed with the music on the radio. At the red light Darlene previously passed, she notices the traffic enforcement camera.
Elliot picks the lock on the emergency panel in the elevator to get him and Darlene up to the badge-restricted ninth floor. He runs into a room and puts a card in a machine.
At the local police station, Dominique is waiting. She walks into the back. Deakins hears her ringtone, but can't find her phone. She follows the sound into the back, finding her phone in an empty donut box. As she returns, it is revealed that Dominique had installed a device into the back of Deakins's computer. Back in her car, Dominique notifies Janice that they now have a remote access to the police's network. Dominique tells her to look out for red light camera reports. Dominique looks at the box of Christmas cookies she brought, upset. She receives a text from her coworker (possibly Agent Hartman ) that Deegan Maguire , the Irish mobster they arrested who specializes in making people disappear, has been released. Janice cuts open a dead dog.
At a grocery store, Krista looks through the aisles. A woman in a red jacket looks at her. As Krista goes to the cashier, the red-coated woman watches from outside.
Elliot and Darlene use the fingerprint mold to access the ninth floor server room. While Elliot deletes the "Dolores Haze" profile from the database, Darlene works to get themselves access to Virtual Realty's network. Elliot sees that they have six minutes left before the cameras go back on. After leaving the basement, Dolph notices that the elevator's emergency panel is ajar. He is suspicious and proceeds to the ninth floor. He then notices that his ID was used to enter the server room. Suspecting an intrusion, Dolph texts the other guard at the desk to call the cops. With two minutes left, Dolph enters the server room to the dismay of the Aldersons. Dolph looks through the aisles. Elliot shows Darlene that their time is up. He notices the electrical system used by the building and begins to hack it. He kills the lights and the cameras on the floor. As Dolph uses his flashlight to investigate the server room further, Elliot and Darlene finish and hurriedly exit the server room. Noticed by Dolph, Elliot zip-ties the door shut. Noticing that the elevator is coming up, the two instead run down the stairwell. The police arrive outside. The elevator descends to the main floor. Elliot and Darlene hide in the stairwell. Dolph finds them, but Elliot holds the door shut. He shares a look with Darlene before rushing past the guard, exiting the building and initiating a foot chase with the police.
Darlene goes upstairs. She hides behind a pillar from a camera. Noticing a jacket on a chair and water bottles, she formulates a plan and removes her wig. Elliot continues his foot chase, heading into Central Park. Darlene enters the lobby from the stairwell, wearing the jacket and drinking from a water bottle. She pushes the doors of the building's adjoining gym to make it seem as though she had exited from it. The authorities ignore her, enabling her to leave peacefully. Elliot, enduring a multitude of injuries as he runs through Central Park, gets on a bus with the police still in pursuit. Darlene returns to the car outside of Virtual Realty and gets Elliot's coordinates. The bus is blocked from proceeding by a patrol car. Elliot bursts out of the bus and resumes running. Frantic to get away, he is hit by an oncoming car and is rendered unable to run. Cornered on a ledge by approaching cops, Elliot hops over the road's railing and rolls down a steep embankment. He gets into the vehicle Darlene is driving, who then drives them away. Out of breath, he rests his hand on hers.
In his office, Phillip has picked up the laundry, a suit, intended to be worn at the Deus Group meeting. In one of its pockets is the location and time. He texts Elliot, confirming that the meeting will go ahead.
At her mother 's house, Dominique puts a leash on the dog as family members enjoy themselves. While walking, she notices white vans around the neighborhood. She returns to the house and writes the van's plates and locations in a book. On the news, she sees a headline describing mayhem in Central Park. She receives a text from Janice, who tells her that she needs Dominique to find the two troublemakers right away. She sends Dominique the information gathered from the red light's camera, a picture of Elliot and Darlene.
Krista is returning home with a bag of groceries. She notices the woman in the red jacket watching her from across the street. As she approaches, Krista hurriedly tries to unlock her door but drops the bag. The woman picks up a pint of ice cream for her. Krista turns and is met by Fernando Vera , who says, "It's time we talked."